Category5
============================================================================== There are 5 questions in this exam with increasing difficulty from 1-5. Please note that the weight of the grade for the question is relative to its difficulty. So your Category 1 question will score significantly less than your Category 5 question.  WARNING: Do not use lambda layers in your model, they are not supported on the grading infrastructure. You do not need them to solve the question.  WARNING: If you are using the GRU layer, it is advised not to use the recurrent_dropout argument (you can alternatively set it to 0), since it has not been implemented in the cuDNN kernel and may result in much longer training times.  You must use the Submit and Test button to submit your model at least once in this category before you finally submit your exam, otherwise you will score zero for this category. ==============================================================================  TIME SERIES QUESTION  Build and train a neural network to predict the time indexed variable of the univariate US diesel prices (On - Highway) All types for the period of 1994 - 2021. Using a window of past 10 observations of 1 feature , train the model to predict the next 10 observations of that feature.  ==============================================================================  ABOUT THE DATASET  Original Source: https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_pri_gnd_dcus_nus_w.htm#  For the purpose of the examination we have used the Diesel (On - Highway) - All Types time series data for the period of 1994 - 2021 from the aforementioned link. The dataset has 1 time indexed feature. We have provided a cleaned version of the data.  ==============================================================================  INSTRUCTIONS  Complete the code in following functions: 1. solution_model()  Your code will fail to be graded if the following criteria are not met:  1. Model input shape must be (BATCH_SIZE, N_PAST = 10, N_FEATURES = 1), since the testing infrastructure expects a window of past N_PAST = 10 observations of the 1 feature to predict the next N_FUTURE = 10 observations of the same feature.  2. Model output shape must be (BATCH_SIZE, N_FUTURE = 10, N_FEATURES = 1)  3. The last layer of your model must be a Dense layer with 1 neuron since the model is expected to predict observations of 1 feature.  4. Don't change the values of the following constants: SPLIT_TIME, N_FEATURES, BATCH_SIZE, N_PAST, N_FUTURE, SHIFT, in solution_model() (See code for additional note on BATCH_SIZE).  5. Code for normalizing the data is provided - don't change it. Changing the normalizing code will affect your score.  6. Code for converting the dataset into windows is provided - don't change it. Changing the windowing code will affect your score.  7. Code for setting the seed is provided - don't change it.  HINT: If you follow all the rules mentioned above and throughout this question while training your neural network, there is a possibility that a validation MAE of approximately 0.02 or less on the normalized validation dataset may fetch you top marks. 